hello there I'm Ralph Papa from Papa
gallery calm and today we're learning
how to draw in this clip I'm going to
show you how to draw a bay window and
we're gonna start off with a rectangular
shape which would be the center window
because we're going to be looking at
this window straight on so I'm sure I'm
drawing a nice rectangle like that and
then we're gonna have two side windows
that are sort of coming in coming out to
us so we're gonna draw an angle like
this down on the bottom here and we'll
do the opposing angle over here on this
side now vertically because we're gonna
be looking straight out on this window
on the top we're gonna have lines like
this and then when we close it off like
this and this and this it almost looks
like a tunnel effect here now I'm going
to draw the actual window in here
because the huge the molding around it
and we'll put two windows two panes of
glass like that and we're going to put a
pane of glass in on the side window like
this same over here we're gonna bring
this in so let me see a window here a
window here here and here now to really
make it look like it's on a wall and
this is from inside the house we're
gonna draw the rest of the room so we'll
just draw and continue out the rest of
the room like that and we can even put a
dining room table over here next to it
and just put it out on the floor like
that so here we have a table with a nice
bay window in the kitchen and we can
even put a little potted plant here
right on the windowsill and a little
flower like that just accent the table
in and we can put a little tone on the
walls just to sort of close them in and
I use the charcoal on this because it
covers a lot of ground really nice and
fast and we can able
to put some nice value in there to give
it a surface and if we had more time we
can make this a real nice finished
effect darkening some of these surfaces
in here to give it some depth little
lines like this give the feeling that
it's glass and there we have a bay
window this has been Ralph Papa and
thank you for watching